[keyvault] administration package readme (#13489)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-python: sdk/keyvault/azure-keyvault-certificates/README.md

([azure-keyvault-secrets](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-python/tree/master/sdk/keyvault/azure-keyvault-secrets)) -
securely store and control access to tokens, passwords, certificates, API keys,
and other secrets
- Vault administration ([azure-keyvault-administration](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-python/tree/master/sdk/keyvault/azure-keyvault-administration)) - full backup / restore, and key-level

> role-based access control (RBAC) of vaults.

Reviewer: Should be part of the previous line, or indented to match the beginning of the text for the previous bullet.

Author: Renders fine, but since I'm making changes I might as well make it the same line

> - Vault administration ([azure-keyvault-administration](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-python/tree/master/sdk/keyvault/azure-keyvault-administration)) - full backup / restore, and key-level
> role-based access control (RBAC) of vaults.

Reviewer 2: RBAC isn't so limited. How about:
```suggestion
- Vault administration ([azure-keyvault-administration](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-python/tree/master/sdk/keyvault/azure-keyvault-administration)) -  role-based access control (RBAC),
and full-Vault backup and restore operations.
```

Author: Going to do pretty much this, but going to say vault-level backup and restore operations, since we also do selective restore
